#!/usr/bin/python3
#Noel and Carter
#22 October 2019

"""
Our last file with our user stories was accidentally deleted.
This is a remake. 

Main Story::

    - As a yahtzee player, I would like a computerized yahtzee game, so I can play against the computer anytime. 
   
   
   
Split Stories::

X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like the computer to decide who goes first, so we can start to play.
    
X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to roll 5 six-sided dice on my turn, so I can begin earning points.

As a yahtzee player, I would like to see the dice I rolled in numerical order, so I can be better able to map out my score.
    
X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to select dice to keep before re-rolling, so I can stradegize to 
      earn the maximum points. 
    
X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to re-roll the dice I don't want two times, so I can get new numbers.
    
    - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to complete my turn before using all three rolls if I want to, so I 
      can keep all five dice earlier.
    
X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to see where I can score, so I can decide how to get my points. 
    
X   - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to decide where I want my points and have the computer determine how 
      many points I'll get, so my score stays accurate.

    - As a yahtzee player, I would like a score option to be removed from my possible selections after I  have chosen it, 
      so that I can't score the same thing again. 

    - As a yahtzee player, I would like the computer to be able to take a turn without my input, so they can play.
    
    - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to watch the computer's turn, so I know what happened ( and can trust the score ).
    
    - As a yahtzee player, I would like to be able to see my score compared to the computer's score after every turn, so I know 
      who's winning. 
    
"""

#X = Done
   
   
